feat: Allow configurable PrefetchCount (#427)
arcus-azure/arcus.messaging: docs/preview/02-Features/02-message-handling/01-service-bus.md

                // (default: null, leading to the defaults of the Azure Service Bus SDK message handler options).
                options.MaxConcurrentCalls = 5;

                // Specifies the amount of messages that will be eagerly requested during processing.
                // Setting the PrefetchCount to a value higher then the MaxConcurrentCalls value helps maximizing 

>                 // throughput by allowing the MessagePump to receive from a local cache rather then waiting on a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                // throughput by allowing the message pump to receive from a local cache rather then waiting on a 
```

                // (default: null, leading to the defaults of the Azure Service Bus SDK message handler options).
                options.MaxConcurrentCalls = 5;

                // Specifies the amount of messages that will be eagerly requested during processing.
                // Setting the PrefetchCount to a value higher then the MaxConcurrentCalls value helps maximizing 

>                 // throughput by allowing the MessagePump to receive from a local cache rather then waiting on a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                // throughput by allowing the message pump to receive from a local cache rather then waiting on a 
```

Author: Good point.  :)
